Daisy, any of several species of flowering plants belonging to the aster family (Asteraceae). 
The name daisy commonly denotes the oxeye daisy (Leucanthemum vulgare), the Shasta daisy (L. ×superbum), 
and the English, or true, daisy (Bellis perennis). These and other plants called daisies are distinguished 
by a composite flower head composed of 15 to 30 white ray flowers surrounding a centre consisting of 
bright yellow disk flowers, though other colour combinations are common.The oxeye daisy is native to 
Europe and Asia but has become a common wild plant in the United States and elsewhere. This perennial 
grows to a height of about 60 cm (2 feet) and has oblong incised leaves and long petioles (leafstalks). 
Its solitary flower heads are about 2.5 to 5 cm (1 to 2 inches) in diameter, and the ray flowers are 
white in colour. The cultivated Shasta daisy resembles the oxeye daisy but has larger flower heads 
that may reach a diameter of 10 cm (4 inches). Members of the genus Bellis are perennials that 
have solitary flower heads borne on long stalks; the disk flowers are yellow, the ray flowers 
white or purple. The English daisy (B. perennis) is often used as a bedding plant. It has numerous 
spoon-shaped, slightly hairy leaves near its base that form a rosette. The plant has leafless flower 
stalks and hairy bracts (leaflike structures) below the flower heads. Some varieties of the English 
daisy have double flowers; others may have pink or red ray flowers surrounding the bright yellow 
disk. Like the oxeye, the English daisy is native to Europe but has become a common wild plant in 
much of North America. Other daisies include the Gerbera daisy (Gerbera jamesonii) of the floral 
industry, marguerite daisy (Argyranthemum frutescens), painted lady daisy (Tanacetum coccineum), 
and pyrethrum daisy (Chrysanthemum cinerariifolium) and various members of the genera Chrysanthemum 
and Erigeron.
These drought-tolerant flowers are easy to care for. Follow these tips to keep your flowers strong from season to season:
1. Support your daisies with stakes. Some types of daisies that grow tall and may fall over after heavy winds. 
Keep an eye on your plants, and stake if necessary.
2. Deadhead the blooms to promote growth. Daisies can bloom multiple times in a season. If you deadhead the 
flower heads as soon as they start to fade, 
you will encourage new blooms to form as many as three times in a season. When the plant has finished 
blooming, cut back the stems all the way to the leaves, and the plant will rebloom the following year.
3. Propagate daisies by dividing. Daisies will self-seed and proliferate, which means the bushes will grow
 bigger year after year. In a year or two after the initial bloom, the plant may get so large that its
  roots overcrowd each other, leading to the withering of certain parts of the plant. At that point, 
  dig up the entire bush, and cut away the dead parts and the corresponding roots. Divide the remaining
   plant and its roots, and plant the separated sections 10 to 12 inches away from each other. Divide 
   as often as necessary. If you do this, you will have healthy daisy bushes for years to come.